<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"      
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" >
    <h:head><h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css" /></h:head>
    <h:body>
    	   <ui:composition template="commonLayout.xhtml"> 
    		<ui:define name="content">
    			<h:graphicImage library="images" name="about_us.jpg" width="100%" alt="About Us"/>
					Firstjob.com has a simple mission "To facilitate fresh graduates find their first dream job!". Firstjob.com is a genuine effort to connect a 	fresher and 	an employer together to create a Market place for Entry Level Hiring - An online fresher hiring platform!
					With a database of over 3.3 million resumes, 90,000 resumes added every month, 2.5 lack unique visitors every day and with 35 million page views a 	month, 	we can say with utmost confidence that we are "The No.1 Job Site for Freshers in India".
					We are thought leaders Remember the man who first landed on the moon? Remember the man who first climbed the Everest? We bet you do. But do you remember the second man to 	reach the 	moon or conquer the Everest?<br/>
					<h4> To get to the top, start at the bottom </h4>
					Firstjob.com was founded in the year 2000 focussing only on fresher careers and we've grown with time and experience. In this journey, we have 	helped 	more than 5, 00,000 graduates find their first Dream Jobs. And may we gladly say that we are well connected with  
					an active network of more than 4,000 companies. 
					<h3> What we believe in? </h3>
					<ul>
			    		<li>We believe most of you (a fresher that is) are pretty sharp; however you get carried away when it comes to "seriousness" of finding a job.</li>
			    		<li>We believe that each one of you will get your FIRST DREAM JOB some day or the other, we only make it easier, better and faster."</li>
					</ul>
    		</ui:define>
    		</ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>